thing I've done in the Navy that's gotten a lot of press, really two things,
and they're both of all flying. I'm not necessarily good. Uh,
the first time the first was when I was doing a cross country flight
from Atsugi, Japan, down to Okinawa. Thio, begin some training. About
halfway down my engine, cowling came open. Uh, and I was looking
for a place to land so I could close it. What we were worried about
is that the engine cowling would come off and then get in our rotor
system, and we would have had and we would have crashed aircraft. Well,
we ended up doing because, as you know, the the shore of Japan
can be fairly dropped fairly precipitously is you know, we tried to
maybe find a beach. The only beach we found plenty of had a lot of people
on it. But as you move down the beach, that kind of the crowd's
kind of dispersed. So we ended up landing on the beach and I thought
that I'd gotten kind of away with it. Not that I was trying to get
away with anything, but as soon as we landed Japanese, gentlemen,
stepped out of the woods and just colic and just looked at us, was probably
fairly surprised that helicopter was there. We shut down, we
closed up. And then after I called my my squadron to let him know what
had happened, we took back off and without incident, unfortunately.
So that that got a little bit of notice. The other thing. I was
in a helicopter crash about 10 years ago, and that must surely got a
lot of press.